README.md, before:

# RiPlay

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/design/latest/app_icon.svg" width="120" height="120" alt="RiPlay Icon"/>
  <h2>RiPlay</h2>

  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fast4x/RiPlay/total?label=Total%20Downloads&color=blue"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fast4x/RiPlay/latest/total?label=Latest%20Release&color=green"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/fast4x/RiPlay?label=License"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Pull%20Requests"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Issues"></a>
</div>

---

## 🎵 About RiPlay

RiPlay is a powerful, open-source music player designed for music lovers who want complete control over their listening experience. With support for both online and offline content, extensive customization options, and a beautiful interface, RiPlay transforms how you interact with your music collection.

---

## ⚠️ Important Notice

**RiPlay respects your privacy and operates transparently:**
- 🛡️ **No data collection** – Your data stays on your device
- 🚫 **No download or caching online content**
- 🛡️ **For playing online content** – it uses the YouTube Player library as a wrapper around the official [IFrame Player API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference) inside a WebView

---

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎧 Music Experience
- Play songs, videos, artists, albums, playlists, and podcasts
- Smart queues (audio/video mixed)
- Listening statistics
- Lyrics support: fetch, display, edit, translate

### ⏰ Smart Features
- Music Recognize (title & artist)
- Sleep timer
- Visualizer (microphone permission required)
- Fast Share (direct sharing with installed apps)
- Cast to another Android device / TV via [RiLink](https://github.com/fast4x/RiLink) (experimental)
- Self-closing app scheduling
- Android Auto support
- Android TV support (experimental)
- Widget support (experimental)
- Optional update checking

### 🎨 Customization
- Themes
- Audio controls: volume, speed, pitch, normalization, skip silence, bassboost
- More options via [RiEqualizer](https://github.com/fast4x/RiEqualizer)

### 🌐 Multilingual Support
- Available in 50+ languages
- Contributions welcome

---

## 🌍 Languages & Translators

**European Languages**  
- **English:** Alejandro Moctezuma, twistios, Smk90, CanIn, koliwan, Glich440, fast4x  
- **Italian:** Fabio Iotti, agefcgo, CiccioDerole, fast4x  
- **German:** twistqj, nitro4542, twistios, materialred, OlimitLolli, Lolozweipunktnull, Seryoga1984, Conk, siggi1984  
- **French:** Mickael81, esophagusdecency, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Spanish:** MS-PC, Alejandro Moctezuma, Juan Ignacio Tejera, iOSStarWorld, Corotyest, DanielSevillano, Fabian Urra  
- **Portuguese:** Juan Ignacio Tejera, ManuelCoimbra, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Portuguese (Brazilian):** vs-machado, luxdev01, VitoriaLima1802, xSyntheticWave, RegularWater, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Russian:** Michael Müller, HighMode, koliwan, Nebula-Mechanica, Alnoer, kptmx, Crayz310, Vladimir, siggi1984  
- **Ukrainian:** Avin, Michael Müller, NiXT0y, Crayz310  
- **Polish:** Krzysztof, severitysingular, Zduniusz, AntoniNowak, roklc, Adam Kop  
- **Dutch:** BabyBenefactor  
- **Swedish:** sebbe.ekman, Dženan  
- **Norwegian:** Xyrcon  
- **Danish:** cultcats  
- **Finnish:** Smk90, rikalaj  
- **Czech:** ikanakova, JZITNIK-github  
- **Hungarian:** Zan1456, Ndvok  
- **Romanian:** OrangeZXZ  
- **Greek:** Marinkas  
- **Turkish:** LinuxUsersLinuxMint, abfreeman, 2010furs, Muha Aliss  
- **Catalan:** Adrià Martínez, Aniol, EMC_Translator  
- **Basque:** iazkue  
- **Galician:** zordor, ninjum  
- **Serbian (Cyrillic/Latin):** IvanMaksimovic77  

**Asian Languages**  
- **Chinese Simplified:** benhaotang, SharkChan0622  
- **Chinese Traditional:** YeeTW, SharkChan0622  
- **Japanese:** maboroshin, Mid_Vur_Shaan  
- **Korean:** ZeroZero00, TsyQax  
- **Vietnamese:** teaminh  
- **Hindi:** NikunjKhangwal, Sharunkumar, Th3-C0der  
- **Bangla:** Ann Naser Nabil  
- **Tamil:** Vignesh-p-s  
- **Telugu:** SureshTimma  
- **Malayalam:** chayotic, XDreamist  
- **Sinhala:** VINULA2007  
- **Odia:** redpanda9348, Get100percent  
- **Filipino:** Clyde-Timonera  
- **Indonesian:** luthfialfarabi, teddysulaimanGL, Fausta Ahmad  

**Middle Eastern & African Languages**  
- **Arabic:** ABS zarzis, Ahmad Al Juwaisri  
- **Hebrew:** opcitgv, TheCreeperDuck  
- **Persian:** CUMOON  
- **Afrikaans:** HelloZebra1133  

**Other Languages**  
- **Azerbaijani:** Nizami Səmidov, Notesuree  
- **Bashkir:** Shilave malay  
- **Esperanto:** kefiiris  
- **Estonian:** beez276  
- **Interlingua:** softinterlingua  

---

## 📲 Installation

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest">
    <img src="./assets/images/getItGithub.png" alt="Download from GitHub" height="80">
  </a>
</div>

---

## ❓ Need Help?

- 📖 [Wiki & FAQs](https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/wiki/FAQs)  
- 💬 [Telegram Group](https://t.me/riplay_app)  
- 🌐 [Reddit Community](https://www.reddit.com/r/RiMusicApp/)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

- Pull requests welcome under GPL3.0 license  
- Develop new features or fix bugs  
- Translate or improve translations via [Crowdin](https://crwd.in/rimusic/37f0755f4e2cf99351844c27c86df0f12540778)

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

RiPlay wouldn't be possible without the amazing work of these projects and contributors:

- [RiMusic](https://github.com/fast4x/RiMusic) – project maintainer & contributors  
- [ViMusic](https://github.com/vfsfitvnm/ViMusic) – foundation  
- [Android YouTube Player](https://github.com/PierfrancescoSoffritti/android-youtube-player) – YouTube Player wrapper  
- [Ionicons](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionicons) – icons  
- [FlatIcon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/) – icons & stickers  
- [Translator](https://github.com/therealbush/translator) – Google Translate library  
- [KuGou](https://www.kugou.com) & [LrcLib](https://lrclib.net) – lyrics  
- [HypnoticCanvas](https://mikepenz.github.io/HypnoticCanvas/) – shaders for Compose  
- [AudioTag.info](https://audiotag.info) – music recognition API

---

<div align="center">
  <i>Made with ❤️ by the RiPlay community</i>
</div>

Commit message:

Update README with listener ranking and badge info
Add listener level ranking and personal badge feature

README.md, after:

# RiPlay

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/design/latest/app_icon.svg" width="120" height="120" alt="RiPlay Icon"/>
  <h2>RiPlay</h2>

  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fast4x/RiPlay/total?label=Total%20Downloads&color=blue"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fast4x/RiPlay/latest/total?label=Latest%20Release&color=green"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/fast4x/RiPlay?label=License"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Pull%20Requests"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fast4x/RiPlay?label=Issues"></a>
</div>

---

## 🎵 About RiPlay

RiPlay is a powerful, open-source music player designed for music lovers who want complete control over their listening experience. With support for both online and offline content, extensive customization options, and a beautiful interface, RiPlay transforms how you interact with your music collection.

---

## ⚠️ Important Notice

**RiPlay respects your privacy and operates transparently:**
- 🛡️ **No data collection** – Your data stays on your device
- 🚫 **No download or caching online content**
- 🛡️ **For playing online content** – it uses the YouTube Player library as a wrapper around the official [IFrame Player API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference) inside a WebView

---

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎧 Music Experience
- Play songs, videos, artists, albums, playlists, and podcasts
- Smart queues (audio/video mixed)
- Listening statistics
- Lyrics support: fetch, display, edit, translate
- Listener level ranking and personal monthly and annual badge

### ⏰ Smart Features
- Music Recognize (title & artist)
- Sleep timer
- Visualizer (microphone permission required)
- Fast Share (direct sharing with installed apps)
- Cast to another Android device / TV via [RiLink](https://github.com/fast4x/RiLink) (experimental)
- Self-closing app scheduling
- Android Auto support
- Android TV support (experimental)
- Widget support (experimental)
- Optional update checking

### 🎨 Customization
- Themes
- Audio controls: volume, speed, pitch, normalization, skip silence, bassboost
- More options via [RiEqualizer](https://github.com/fast4x/RiEqualizer)

### 🌐 Multilingual Support
- Available in 50+ languages
- Contributions welcome

---

## 🌍 Languages & Translators

**European Languages**  
- **English:** Alejandro Moctezuma, twistios, Smk90, CanIn, koliwan, Glich440, fast4x  
- **Italian:** Fabio Iotti, agefcgo, CiccioDerole, fast4x  
- **German:** twistqj, nitro4542, twistios, materialred, OlimitLolli, Lolozweipunktnull, Seryoga1984, Conk, siggi1984  
- **French:** Mickael81, esophagusdecency, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Spanish:** MS-PC, Alejandro Moctezuma, Juan Ignacio Tejera, iOSStarWorld, Corotyest, DanielSevillano, Fabian Urra  
- **Portuguese:** Juan Ignacio Tejera, ManuelCoimbra, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Portuguese (Brazilian):** vs-machado, luxdev01, VitoriaLima1802, xSyntheticWave, RegularWater, NEVARLeVrai  
- **Russian:** Michael Müller, HighMode, koliwan, Nebula-Mechanica, Alnoer, kptmx, Crayz310, Vladimir, siggi1984  
- **Ukrainian:** Avin, Michael Müller, NiXT0y, Crayz310  
- **Polish:** Krzysztof, severitysingular, Zduniusz, AntoniNowak, roklc, Adam Kop  
- **Dutch:** BabyBenefactor  
- **Swedish:** sebbe.ekman, Dženan  
- **Norwegian:** Xyrcon  
- **Danish:** cultcats  
- **Finnish:** Smk90, rikalaj  
- **Czech:** ikanakova, JZITNIK-github  
- **Hungarian:** Zan1456, Ndvok  
- **Romanian:** OrangeZXZ  
- **Greek:** Marinkas  
- **Turkish:** LinuxUsersLinuxMint, abfreeman, 2010furs, Muha Aliss  
- **Catalan:** Adrià Martínez, Aniol, EMC_Translator  
- **Basque:** iazkue  
- **Galician:** zordor, ninjum  
- **Serbian (Cyrillic/Latin):** IvanMaksimovic77  

**Asian Languages**  
- **Chinese Simplified:** benhaotang, SharkChan0622  
- **Chinese Traditional:** YeeTW, SharkChan0622  
- **Japanese:** maboroshin, Mid_Vur_Shaan  
- **Korean:** ZeroZero00, TsyQax  
- **Vietnamese:** teaminh  
- **Hindi:** NikunjKhangwal, Sharunkumar, Th3-C0der  
- **Bangla:** Ann Naser Nabil  
- **Tamil:** Vignesh-p-s  
- **Telugu:** SureshTimma  
- **Malayalam:** chayotic, XDreamist  
- **Sinhala:** VINULA2007  
- **Odia:** redpanda9348, Get100percent  
- **Filipino:** Clyde-Timonera  
- **Indonesian:** luthfialfarabi, teddysulaimanGL, Fausta Ahmad  

**Middle Eastern & African Languages**  
- **Arabic:** ABS zarzis, Ahmad Al Juwaisri  
- **Hebrew:** opcitgv, TheCreeperDuck  
- **Persian:** CUMOON  
- **Afrikaans:** HelloZebra1133  

**Other Languages**  
- **Azerbaijani:** Nizami Səmidov, Notesuree  
- **Bashkir:** Shilave malay  
- **Esperanto:** kefiiris  
- **Estonian:** beez276  
- **Interlingua:** softinterlingua  

---

## 📲 Installation

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/releases/latest">
    <img src="./assets/images/getItGithub.png" alt="Download from GitHub" height="80">
  </a>
</div>

---

## ❓ Need Help?

- 📖 [Wiki & FAQs](https://github.com/fast4x/RiPlay/wiki/FAQs)  
- 💬 [Telegram Group](https://t.me/riplay_app)  
- 🌐 [Reddit Community](https://www.reddit.com/r/RiMusicApp/)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

- Pull requests welcome under GPL3.0 license  
- Develop new features or fix bugs  
- Translate or improve translations via [Crowdin](https://crwd.in/rimusic/37f0755f4e2cf99351844c27c86df0f12540778)

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

RiPlay wouldn't be possible without the amazing work of these projects and contributors:

- [RiMusic](https://github.com/fast4x/RiMusic) – project maintainer & contributors  
- [ViMusic](https://github.com/vfsfitvnm/ViMusic) – foundation  
- [Android YouTube Player](https://github.com/PierfrancescoSoffritti/android-youtube-player) – YouTube Player wrapper  
- [Ionicons](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionicons) – icons  
- [FlatIcon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/) – icons & stickers  
- [Translator](https://github.com/therealbush/translator) – Google Translate library  
- [KuGou](https://www.kugou.com) & [LrcLib](https://lrclib.net) – lyrics  
- [HypnoticCanvas](https://mikepenz.github.io/HypnoticCanvas/) – shaders for Compose  
- [AudioTag.info](https://audiotag.info) – music recognition API

---

<div align="center">
  <i>Made with ❤️ by the RiPlay community</i>
</div>
